This is my version of find-file-in-project for emacs.  I originally
started with the ffip from the rinari project many, many moons ago.  I
noticed that none of the publicly available versions of ffip had some
of my modifications, so I decided to setup this repository.

From the beginning find-file-in-project was intended to mimic
TextMate's cmd-T functionality.  While editing a file in a project you
invoke find-file-in-project and it should prompt you with the files to
edit in that project.  What files get selected depend on the project.
Right now, ffip can detect the project root given the evidence of a
config/environment.rb file.  Obviously, this really only works with
Rails projects.

To combat this, I added the ability to explicitly set the project root
with set-project-root and then clear-project-root.  Once you
set-project-root, ffip will use that to populate the files regardless
of what files you happen to be editing.

ffip will scan the project tree each time it's invoked.  I couldn't
think of a better way to detect when files were added to the project.
In some cases this can be quite slow.  So, I added a variable called
find-file-in-project-cache-results that will not scan the project
again until you explicitly call find-file-in-project-rebuild-cache.

ffip can also exclude directories and files from the scan using the
find-file-in-projects-excludes and find-file-in-project-file-excludes.
See the documentation on those variables for more info.

I think what makes my version of ffip unique is that I do some
massaging of the results before giving it to ido-completing-read.
First, when there are multiple files in the project with the same name
(like 'new.html.erb') the entries are appended with the directory name
they are found in.  This makes it much easier to select the file you
want.  Second, I sort the choices based on the buffer-list so that the
files most recently visited come first in the list.  Much like
TextMate's cmd-T this means you can often just select the default when
you're wanting to switch to the file you were just in.

To be honest, I'm not using this much any more.  These days I rely
pretty heavily on ETags.  You can see some of my discussion on that at
http://blog.lathi.net/articles/2007/11/07/navigating-your-projects-in-emacs

🏳️‍⚧️
